src/filtered/base/README.md, before:

# Exhort API Specification
Red Hat Trusted Profile Analyzer API Specification

## OpenAPI v3 and v4

Find the OpenAPI definitions for V3 and V4 under the [/api](./api) folder

## Generated data model

The Java and Javascript data models are generated at build time using the
[openapi-generator-maven-plugin](https://github.com/OpenAPITools/openapi-generator/tree/master/modules/openapi-generator-maven-plugin)

Run `mvn package` to generate it.

## Use the Java generated data model

The packages are published to the GitHub maven repository. Make sure to add it to your settings or to your project configuration.

```xml
<dependency>
  <groupId>com.redhat.ecosystemappeng</groupId>
  <artifactId>exhort-api</artifactId>
  <version>${project.version}</version>
</dependency>
```

## Use the Javascript data model

Configuring NPM to look in GHPR for the `trustification` namespace is done by adding `@trustification:registry=https://npm.pkg.github.com`
to _.npmrc_ in the project root or user home.

```bash
echo "@trustification:registry=https://npm.pkg.github.com" >> .npmrc
```

Then, add it to your project as follows:

```bash
npm install @trustification/exhort-javascript-api@${project.version}
```

Commit message:

chore: move to guacsec community
Signed-off-by: Ruben Romero Montes <rromerom@redhat.com>

src/filtered/base/README.md, after:

# Exhort API Specification
Trustify Vulnerability Analysis API Specification

## OpenAPI v4

Find the OpenAPI definition for V4 under the [/api](./api) folder

## Generated data model

The Java and Javascript data models are generated at build time using the
[openapi-generator-maven-plugin](https://github.com/OpenAPITools/openapi-generator/tree/master/modules/openapi-generator-maven-plugin)

Run `mvn package` to generate it.

## Use the Java generated data model

The packages are published to the GitHub maven repository. Make sure to add it to your settings or to your project configuration.

```xml
<dependency>
  <groupId>com.github.guacsec</groupId>
  <artifactId>exhort-api</artifactId>
  <version>${project.version}</version>
</dependency>
```

## Use the Javascript data model

Configuring NPM to look in GHPR for the `guacsec` namespace is done by adding `@guacsec:registry=https://npm.pkg.github.com`
to _.npmrc_ in the project root or user home.

```bash
echo "@guacsec:registry=https://npm.pkg.github.com" >> .npmrc
```

Then, add it to your project as follows:

```bash
npm install @guacsec/exhort-javascript-api@${project.version}
```
